README.md, before:

# Pacman Backup Gist (pbg)

This script and **pacman** hook saves all installed **native and AUR** packages
installed in your machine to 2 **github gists** and updates this information
automatically.  
This small project was heavily inspired in [pug](https://github.com/Ventto/pug) which
pretty much accomplishes the same objectives with some small differences (this project
doesn't use backup files and has some extra functions):

- List packages currently saved in the gists (just pacman natives, just AUR or both)
(**-s**/**-u** flag);  
- Automatically install/uninstall packages to sync your machine with the information
in the gists (**-f** flag): currently only supports pacman native packages;  
- No need to provide your github credentials as **you have the option** to provide
an access token with gist permissions instead;  
- You can check the help text with the: **-h**, **-H**, **-help** or **--help** flags.

## Install

1. Clone the repository
```sh
https://github.com/JoaoCostaIFG/pbg.git
```
2. Use the makefile
```sh
sudo make install
```
3. Go through the init process
```sh
sudo pbg
```
4. (optional) Check the help page for details/extra functions
```sh
pbg -h
```

Commit message:

Add gist package installation to README instructions.

README.md, after:

# Pacman Backup Gist (pbg)

This script and **pacman** hook saves all installed **native and AUR** packages
installed in your machine to 2 **github gists** and updates this information
automatically.  
This small project was heavily inspired in [pug](https://github.com/Ventto/pug) which
pretty much accomplishes the same objectives with some small differences (this project
doesn't use backup files and has some extra functions):

- List packages currently saved in the gists (just pacman natives, just AUR or both)
  (**-s**/**-u** flag);
- Automatically install/uninstall packages to sync your machine with the information
  in the gists (**-f** flag): currently only supports pacman native packages;
- No need to provide your github credentials as **you have the option** to provide
  an access token with gist permissions instead;
- You can check the help text with the: **-h**, **-H**, **-help** or **--help** flags.

## Install

1. Install the **gist** package

```sh
sudo pacman -Syu gist
```

2. Clone the repository

```sh
https://github.com/JoaoCostaIFG/pbg.git
```

3. Use the makefile

```sh
sudo make install
```

4. Go through the init process

```sh
sudo pbg
```

5. (optional) Check the help page for details/extra functions

```sh
pbg -h
```
